DOCUMENT:
Adam Federici lay inert on the turf for a moment. He realised the magnitude of what happened. He understood the horror of it instantly. He let his head rest on
 the grass and closed his eyes as if he was trying to wish it all away, as if he was trying to blot out the din and the agony and
 the wild celebrations of the Arsenal fans. His face was scrunched against the grass, distorted in a mask of despair. Reading, still struggling to avoid relegation to League One, had
 performed heroically to push Arsenal into extra-time in this FA Cup semi-final and Federici had pulled off a series of stunning saves to keep the sides level at 1-1 but
 the Australian goalkeeper guessed there would be no way back now. There had been less than a minute to go before the extra-time interval when Alexis Sanchez had cut in
 from the left and fired in a stinging shot straight at Federici. He knelt to gather it but somehow it squirmed through his legs and trickled over the line as
 he scrambled in vain to retrieve it. It was football at its most cruel. In years to come, it will be the enduring image of this game. Alexis Sanchez's low
 shot squirmed agonisingly through the legs of Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici in extra time. It was a routine shot from Sanchez but the Reading stopper failed to collect it properly
 in his grasp-- an embarrassing gaffe. The ball rolled through his legs and slowly towards the goal line in the 106th minute of the game. Federici tries desperately to
 stop the ball going over the line after it rolled through his legs and out of his grasp. Reading had fought valiantly but were unable to score another equaliser to
 take the tie to penalties. Federici lies slumped on the ground as the impact of his error hits him in the FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal. The Reading goalkeeper, who
 had been magnificent until then, left the field in tears as manager Steve Clarke tries to console him. Federici's opposite number, Wojciech Szczesny (left) of Arsenal comforts his fellow goalkeeper
 after the game is resolved. Reading: Federici, Gunter, Hector, Pearce, Obita, McCleary, Williams, Chalobah (Cox, 106), Robson-Kanu (Karacan, 90), Mackie, Pogrebnyak (Yakubu, 111).. Subs not used: Stephen Kelly, Norwood,
 Yakubu, Andersen, Cooper. Booked: Chalobah. Goal: McCleary, 54. Arsenal: Szczesny, Debuchy, Mertesacker (Gabriel, 63), Koscielny, Gibbs, Coquelin (Walcott, 101), Cazorla, Ramsey, Ozil, Sanchez, Welbeck (Giroud, 72).. Subs not
 used: Wilshere, Ospina,  Monreal, Flamini. Goals: Sanchez 39, 106. When the final whistle confirmed that it would be Arsenal who will face either Liverpool or Aston Villa here at
 the end of next month, Federici, 30, put his head down and began to walk purposefully from the pitch, his thoughts fixed on some form of escape, some search for
 sanctuary. The Reading manager, Steve Clarke, tried to console him but he was inconsolable. As he disappeared down the tunnel, he hung his head and wept. Sure, the bigger picture
 was that Arsenal now have a chance to become the most successful club in the history of this competition by winning it for the second year in succession. The bigger
 picture is that this time, their success in the FA Cup seems less like a consolation prize and more like a gateway to a new period of glories at a
 club that had been starved of them until last season’s Cup final victory over Hull. But above all, this was the kind of human drama that peoples this competition and
 adds to its legend. ‘I am happy we are through,’ said Arsenal goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny. ‘But I thought Federici was terrific today. He had the game of his life and
 they only got to extra-time because of him. He was the best player on the pitch. I really feel for him — I have been there, done that.’. Clarke did
 his best to ease Federici’s pain, too. ‘This is the life of a goalkeeper,’ said the Reading boss. ‘And Adam is a top goalkeeper. There’s every chance he’ll be Reading’s
 player of the season this year. His performances in the Championship have been crucial. ‘We stick by him. I understand his worth and the supporters understand how important he is.
 Adam is a strong character as well. He’ll take his disappointment on the chin and on Wednesday night when we play Birmingham I’m sure he’ll be as good as he
 always is.’. Clarke also complained that refereeing decisions had counted against his team. He had some justification but nothing can dull the memory of how his side pushed Arsenal all
 the way. There were times when it seemed Arsene Wenger’s team, who had been pegged back by the Championship strugglers in normal time, might be overwhelmed by the sheer relentless
 refusal of their opponents to accept defeat and by a team spirit that would not fade. The match became a test of Arsenal’s fortitude as well as their class. In
 former years, they might have buckled.. Sanchez leaps skywards to celebrate his second goal of the game for Arsenal against Reading. Sanchez (left) rifles Arsenal into the lead against
 Reading in the FA Cup semi-final against Reading. Arsenal had an inconsistent first half before Sanchez struck clinically after Mesut Ozil passed to him excellently. Sanchez (third right) turns away
 in celebration as Reading's players lay crumpled on the ground after conceding. Striker Sanchez (right)  celebrates alongside team-mate Keiran Gibbs after scoring for Arsenal against Reading. Gareth McCleary's
 second-half strike went over the line for Reading after a deflection from Keiran Gibbs. McCleary runs over to the Reading supporters at Wembley to celebrate scoring the equaliser for
 the Championship side. Reading's players celebrate the goal with McCleary as they pulled themselves level with Arsenal at Wembley in the semi-final. Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger (centre) gives instructions out
 to his team before the beginning of extra time. Federici’s mistake gave them an escape route that they followed eagerly. They had nearly taken an early lead when Per Mertesacker
 rose to meet a corner at the near post and Federici had to dive smartly to his left to push it off the line. Later, he produced a stunning one-handed
 stop to keep out a header from Gabriel. Reading held firm but Arsenal started to exert more and more pressure. Mesut Ozil, in particular, was a delight to watch in
 possession. There are increasing signs that the German is finally beginning to find his best form and he beguiled Reading with a series of sweet turns and beautifully measured passes.
 Seven minutes before the interval, Arsenal broke the stalemate. It was Ozil, inevitably, who was the inspiration. He collected the ball midway inside the Reading half, took time to pick
 his pass and flighted a curling ball to Sanchez in the box. Sanchez did the rest, although the rest was not simple. He controlled the ball on his chest with
 his back to goal, turned and committed Garath McCleary by shaping to shoot. Then, with time, the Chilean forward prodded the ball past Federici and wheeled away to celebrate. .
 Gabriel (right), a replacement for Per Mertesacker, powers a header at goal shortly after Reading had scored. But Reading goalkeeper Federici made a splendid one-handed save to tip the ball
 up and against the crossbar. Sanchez (centre) earlier took the ball past goalkeeper  Federici (second left) before losing his footing and falling. Daniel Williams (left) shoots at goal for
 Reading against Arsenal at Wembley but his attempt went wide of the goal. It seemed then that Arsenal would extend their lead. Reading’s threat had been negligible. But they came
 out for the second half with new belief and to the delight of their fans massed behind the goal, they forced an equalizer. Pavel Pogrebnyak must take a lot of
 the credit for squeezing in a cross when it looked as though he had run out of space near the byline. The ball drifted over Kieran Gibbs’ head and as
 Szczesny scrambled across his line, McCleary volleyed the ball back across him. Szczesny got his hands to it but he had not been able to prevent it crossing the line.
 Suddenly, Reading wanted more. Jamie Mackie clipped a lovely chip into the path of Danny Williams on the edge of the box. It fell to him nicely but Williams sliced
 his volley wildly wide. The game was harum-scarum now. Reading sensed an upset. Mackie urged the fans on and they roared back. But six minutes from the end of normal
 time, Reading escaped when Aaron Ramsey missed an open goal, crashing a left-foot shot against the post. Ramsey held his head in his hands. Redemption was not far away for
 him. It will take longer to greet Federici. Arsenal striker Danny Welbeck (centre) has an effort blocked by Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici. Germany defender Mertesacker (left) heads the ball goalwards
 for Arsenal against Reading. Arsenal attacker  Ozil (left) escapes the attention of Michael Hector (right) of Reading during the semi-final. Laurent Koscielny (centre) leaps up and controls possession as
 Arsenal took on Reading in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley. McCleary (left) of Reading takes the ball beyond the challenge of Arsenal player Francois Coquelin. Reading's fans watch
 on as their Championship side take on Arsenal in the FA Cup semi-final at Wembley on Saturday. Reading manager Clarke gives instructions to his team as they take on Arsenal.
 Wenger's side failed to hit the level seen in recent games against Reading at Wembley. 


SUMMARY
Arsenal beat Reading [91m1[0m [91m-[0m [91m0[0m in the FA Cup semi-- final at the Emirates Stadium. Goals from Alexis Sanchez and [91mJack[0m [91mMcCleary[0m gave Arsenal victory. Reading goalkeeper Adam Federici made an agonising error in extra time. The ball squirmed through his legs and trickled over the line in the 106th minute. 


DOCUMENT:
They're the best of friends who work and play together, so it's hardly surprising that Gigi Hadid has picked up some words of wisdom from Kendall Jenner. The 19-year-old model
 took inspiration from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback, particularly on social media. Speaking to Style.com, Gigi said:
 'From Kendall I learned how to deal with the haters. She has a really good sense of when to stand up [on social media] and when to back off.' Scroll
 down for video . Gigi Hadid has credited her best friend Kendall Jenner, right, for helping her deal with social media haters. And it's not only Kendall, 19, who
 Gigi has taken social media tips from as she believes former Victoria's Secret model Karlie Kloss is comfortable with her social media persona. She added: 'I think she does such
 a good job of showing who she is. She lets her personality really shine in her Instagram.' While Kendall Jenner is taking the fashion world by the storm, she has
 her fair share of haters.. The fledgling model's meteoric rise as a professional runway model reportedly sparked the ire and resentment of some of her colleagues, according to a
 report.. At New York Fashion Week, Kendall was allegedly bullied by her fellow models, who even went so far as to put cigarettes out in her drink.. In
 another incident, Lexi Boling, along with fellow model Binx Walton, left cruel comments on a pre-show image of Kendall shared on Vogue Germany's Instagram feed. The 19-year-old model took inspiration
 from the Keeping Up With The Kardashians star when it came to learning how to deal with negative feedback. Gigi said that Kendall has a really good sense of when
 to stand up [on social media] and when to back off. Lexi, 21, tagged her friend Binx, 20, in the comment: '@binxwalton she's never looked better,' with a crying with
 laughter emoticon. Teen Vogue cover star Binx replied: 'That's f****d up,' with the same animated laughing face. The two comments have since been deleted from the Vogue Germany photo, but
 followers' horrified responses remain. Lexi has since apologised for the comment. In a statement issued via a representative to E! News, she said: 'I wasn't thinking and made a silly
 comment. Kendall's had a killer NYFW. A big congrats to her!' Gigi, centre, is best friends with fellow supermodels Cara Delevingne, left, and Kendall, right. The latter remark is certainly
 true. Kendall is unarguably one of the world's most in-demand stars. Her appearance in a Chanel fashion show in New York City on Tuesday was case in point. Kendall and
 her best friend Cara Delevingne were linked as they closed the Paris-Salzburg 2014/15 Metiers d'Art Collection at Park Avenue Armory in two very unique and elaborate ensembles-- Kendall in
 black, Cara in white.. And shadowing the young beauties was the designer himself, Karl Lagerfeld.. Gigi, Cara and Kendall looked delighted to be reunited at Wednesday night's Chanel
 event. Frame Denim Le Skinny de Jeanne mid rise jeans. Buy at Nordstrom. Visit site. BFFs Cara Delevingne and Kendall Jenner were back together again at Karl Lagerfeld's Chanel
 cruise, but it wasn't the only reunion of the night. Kendall was kitted out in a pair of monochrome printed trousers but Cara opted for her favorite super distressed skinny
 jeans by Frame Denim. We've spotted her in them several times before and it's easy to see why. They've got a great snug fit, are mid-rise which is easy to
 wear and of course all that on trend shredding makes them a must have. Unfortunately you can't buy these exact design anymore but click right to Neiman Marcus now to
 get a similar design from Neiman Marcus. Style like Cara with some lace up boots and a sports luxe sweater. Or work a simple tee and heels for fashion editor
 edge. Price putting you off? Then get the look for a lot less with our high street edit below. Topshop ripped black jeans at Nordstrom. Visit site. Missguided Brigitte ripped
 jeans. Visit site. Boohoo Chloe ripped black jeans. Visit site. Joe's Jeans Finn ripped jeans. Visit site. . 


SUMMARY
Gigi, 19, said she learned how to deal with negative feedback from Kendall. She said she has a good sense of when to stand up and when to back off. Gigi is best friends with Kendall, Cara Delevingne and [91mKarlie[0m [91mKloss[0m. Kendall was allegedly bullied by fellow models at New York Fashion Week. 



AFTER AND HALLUCINATIONS

DOCUMENT:
The mighty boot of Marcelo Bosch kept the English flag flying in Europe as the Argentinian kicked Saracens through to the Champions Cup semi-finals with a famous last-minute penalty. No
 chorus of boos or whistles would stop the sweet strike rising above the 1950s tower blocks in the Colombes suburbs, with the ice cool 31-year-old mobbed by players and coaches
 as Racing Metro 92 were unceremoniously dumped out of the competition. It was the South American’s finest moment since he arrived on continental shores. Referee Nigel Owens was escorted off
 the pitch by security but his call –penalising replacement lock Fabrice Metz with 10 seconds left on the clock – was the correct decision and ensured a classic finale to
 match bereft or flair and finesse.. Scenes of elation as Saracens clinch victory with the last play of the match against Racing Metro 92. Marcelo Bosch kicks the match-winning
 penalty from long-range to snatch Saracen's a semi-final berth. Argentine Bosch raises his arms aloft after being entrusted with the final kick of the game. Bosch jumps into the
 arms of Rhys Gills after his successful kick as Hodgson joins the celebrations. Bosch is mobbed by his elated Sarries team-mates after his kick sails over the posts for the
 win. England's first team through to the semi-finals in the European Rugby Champions Cup semis celebrate. . RACING METRO 92: Dulin, Imhoff, Chavancy, Roberts, Thomas, Sexton, Machenaud, Ben Arous,
 Szarzewski, Ducalcon, Charteris, Van Der Merwe, Lauret, Gerondeau, Claassen. Replacements: Lacombe, Brugnaut, Mujati, Metz, Dubarry, Phillips, Goosen, Dumoulin. Tries: Machenaud Penalties: Machenaud (2) Conversions: Nil. Referee: Nigel Owens (Wales)
. SARACENS: Goode, Ashton, Bosch, Wyles, Strettle, Hodgson, Wigglesworth, M. Vunipola, George, Du Plessis, Kruis, J. Hamilton, Wray, Burger, B. Vunipola. Replacements: Brits, Barrington, Johnston, Itoje, Brown, Hankin, De Kock,
 Tompkins. Tries: Nil Penalties: Hodgson (2), Goode, Bosch Conversions: Nil. ‘The last time I kicked to win the game was when I was 21 and playing for an amateur
 club in Argentina,’ said Bosch. 'It was from more or less the same range and it was against our clasico rivals. It was a great memory for me, but it
 was a long time ago. ‘I tried to be as relaxed as possible. We had the wind in our face and I didn’t want to force it. I tried not
 to think about what it represented and I said, “Why not? I can take it.” The rest is history. With kicks like this, you’re either the hero or the bad
 guy-- I’m happy that it went my way.’. It was the sort of strike that was associated with Ronan O’Gara during his illustrious playing career with Munster and Ireland.
 The retired No 10, now kicking coach for the Top 14 side, watched helplessly from the stands of the Stade Olympique Yves-du-Manoir as the ball sailed between the posts to
 set up a knockout meeting with Clermont in Saint Etienne.. Alex Goode leaps the tackle of Juan Imhoff during the Champions Cup quarter-final outside Paris. Charlie Hodgson kicks the
 first penalty of the match to give Saracens a 3-0 lead. Sarries full back Alex Goode (centre) evades Racing's Welsh centre Jamie Roberts (right) Racing and France scrum-half Maxime Machenaud
 crosses for the only try of the first half in outer Paris. CLERMONT v SARACENS, Stade Geoffroy-Guichard, St Etienne, Saturday, April 18, 3.15pm (GMT) TOULON v LEINSTER, Stade Vélodrome, Marseille,
 Sunday,     April 19, 3.15pm (GMT) Racing are a team who, in their early years, would play wearing berets and bow ties. They would drink champagne at
 half time but this was an abrasive and at times unabsorbing encounter, offering little to inspire the Parisian painters couched on the sidelines to capture the moments of magic. The
 partisan home crowd were angered by two of Owens’ decisions in the opening quarter, with the Welshman not penalising Alex Goode for a block on French winger Teddy Thomas and
 scratching off a potential try for Dimitri Szarzewski because of a knock on. Charlie Hodgson kicked two first-half penalties – either side of a 27th minute try for Maxime Machenaud
 after Saracens lost an attacking scrum-- Jim Hamilton was shown a yellow card, the tourists were fortunate to go into the break with a one-point advantage. ‘We weren't great
 in the first half, even though we had a very strong wind,’ said Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall. ‘We were unable to build any pressure. Playing into that very
 strong wind and with Jonny Sexton playing No 10 for the opposition, being 6-5 up at half time felt like a mountain to climb. . Marcelo Bosch is an
 Argentine utility back who moved to Europe in 2006 to play for Biarritz. He joined Saracens in the 2013-14 season and has featured predominantly at centre. He is not Saracens’
 first-choice kicker-- Owen Farrell, Charlie Hodgson and Alex Goode are all above him-- but he has a hugely powerful strike. It’s earned him cult status with the Allianz
 Park crowd, who chant ‘Bosch, Bosch, Bosch’ whenever he lines up one of his kicks. As a teenager, Bosch played football in Buenos Aires but claims that it was always
 his dream to play rugby in England. He married Augustina last summer and they are expecting twins.. Bosch's football skills aid his powerful kicking. Racing Metro 92 winger Teddy
 Thomas shows his speed to avoid Chris Wyles and escape the in-goal area. Sarries' stand-in captain Hodgson places his grubber kick underneath Wenceslas Lauret. Racing Metro and Ireland fly-half Jonny
 Sexton (left) locks horns with Sarries winger David Strettle. Strettle is upended going for a high ball against Racing's Brice Dulin, who escapes a yellow card. ‘But that's where
 it turned around and I'd say our second half performance was as courageous, brave and hard working as I've seen. We went hunting and kept knocking them down, scrapping for
 absolutely everything. Our rugby could have been better and it wasn't a beauty of a match, but we put them under enough pressure to make some errors and give us
 a chance.’. Cigarette smoke filled the air and, having never previously progressed from the pool stages, the hosts looked like they were choking on the pressure. Racing did most of
 the running but Saracens edged further ahead, with Goode also adding his weight to the kicking with a 47th minute penalty. Wales and Racing centre Jamie Roberts threatened in attack,
 but was hauled off in the 52nd minute. Bosch then tackled his countryman Juan Imhoff just short of the line – although the pitch-length move was subsequently pulled back for
 a forward pass – and Billy Vunipola intervened with a crucial turnover to snuff out a Racing attack. But Saracens were unable to build upon their lead and, just past
 the hour mark, Racing narrowed the gap thanks to three points from Machenaud. A game of kick tennis ensued and the French No 9 pushed his side into the lead
 with his second penalty 10 minutes later. The blue and white flags were waving and the bass drum was beating but, sacrebleu, Metro tried to run down the clock. Then
 Metz came flying off his feet at the crucial moment. Bosch stepped up for the penalty and, after a short run up, his kick floated gracefully between the sticks. .
 England No 8 Billy Vunipola fends off Racing centre Henri Chavancy   at Yves Du Manoir Stadium in Colombes. Sexton fires a bullet-like pass as he clears the ball
 from the ruck against Saracens. Sarries winger Chris Ashton gets a kick away under the tackle of Argentinean Juan Imhoff. 


SUMMARY
[91mAlex[0m [91mGoode[0m [91m,[0m [91mMarcelo[0m [91mBosch[0m [91mand[0m Maxime Machenaud crossed for [91mSarries[0m. Charlie Hodgson kicked the first penalty of the match to give Sarries a 3-- 0 lead. Fabrice Metz was sin-- binned with 10 seconds left on the clock. Bosch kicked the match-- winning penalty from long-- range to snatch Saracens a semi-- final berth. 



DOCUMENT:
Bayern Munich cruised to a 6-1 victory against Champion's League rivals Porto last night.. But not all eyes were on the pitch for the whole 90 minutes, as the
 German club's manager Pep Guardiola broke the highly dramatic atmosphere with a moment of sartorial comedy. To put it bluntly, he split his pants. A flash of upper thigh and
 navy boxers made themselves known as he strode up and down the touchline shouting commands at his players.. SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO. Sartorial slip-up: Bayern Munich manager Pep
 Guardiola runs through tactics with his players, while ignoring the draft that has emerged at the top of his left leg. A hint of navy: Guardiola's tight-fitting trousers before
 the tear (left) and after the rip (right) during Bayern Munich's 6-1 victory over Porto. The Spanish tactician, who teamed his tight, grey suit with a navy pullover, black tie
 and crisp white shirt, joked after the clash: 'I'll have to buy new ones for the next match.'. Guardiola wouldn't be the only famous face guilty of stepping into
 a suit that is a little on the snug side. The current trend for wearing a whistle and flute that is at least a size too small, presumably to showcase
 a well-honed physique, has seen plenty of stars sail a little close to the wardrobe malfunction wind. So, who's guilty of worshipping at the altar of super-tight slacks?. Russell
 Brand. Guilty. Dermot O'Leary. Guilty. Olly Murs. In danger of restricting the blood flow.. Yes, it's officially a wardrobe malfunction...but has Guardiola simply fallen foul of wearing a suit
 that is a little on the snug side? Blame 007: Daniel Craig wore a close-fitting Tom Ford suit in 2012 Bond movie Skyfall...and thousands of men followed the trend. And
 breathe! If Beckham gets the snug look just right, his fellow Essex boys, including Jeff Brazier (pictured right) are guilty of going a little too tight. The rock star's take
 on the whistle and flute: Harry Styles doesn't bother with a jacket but his trousers are certainly skinny, while Russell Brand goes for a second (snake)skin with his casual version
 of the suit. King of the second skin! Dermot O'Leary rarely wears a suit that could be described as roomy. The trend for a tighter fit has emerged in recent
 years with 'skinny', 'slim' and 'heritage' fits all offering a snugger-looking silhouette. Cast an eye back three years and the most recent incarnation of James Bond, in Sam Mendes' 2012
 movie Skyfall, was seen wearing the kind of form-fitting suit that makes you wonder how it might have been possible to wear it AND brawl on top of a train
 while hurtling through Turkey.. Throughout the film, an unruffled Daniel Craig sported a grey, tailored suit by Tom Ford which may have been the catalyst for other celebrities wearing
 a similar look. During his just-ended eight-year reign on The X Factor, Dermot O'Leary's suits have got progressively smaller, seeing him once forced to reach for a safety pin moments
 before presenting the live show. O'Leary said at the time: 'I remember having a wardrobe malfunction on The X Factor.. 'I had this tight-fitting Alexander McQueen suit and felt
 the trousers rip…from pole to pole, shall we say. I just had to skilfully apply a safety pin and hope for the best. It was terrifying.'. High street menswear
 retailer Hawes & Curtis told FEMAIL that figure-hugging clothes are no longer just for women. Not much room to give! Olly Murs, who split his trousers on stage in Sheffield
 in 2012, sails close to the wind again here while performing at the V Festival in 2013. A thigh-ful! Towie stars Dan Osborne and Joey Essex are both partial to
 leaving little to the imagination when it comes to formal wear. Edward Smith, head of brand for the company said: 'The skinny look has taken over everyone's wardrobe, regardless
 of gender. 'Men have been wearing tight T-shirts and shirts for a while now-- our best-selling shirt is now an extra slim one. . 'Remember, men don't want
 to look great at the weekend and then put on a baggy old suit for the working week. The office is just as much their chance to shine, so suits
 have had to go through a skinny transformation as much as any other garment.'. Other stars who've fallen foul of their own outfits exposing them include fellow X Factor
 presenter Olly Murs, whose penchant for clothes that show off his best assets saw his trousers split as he performed on stage at Sheffield Arena in 2012.. Wearing a
 matching burgundy waistcoat and pants, the star was dancing on his knees when the fabric covering his undercarriage gave way revealing sparkling white pants. For more examples, you only have
 to wander to the streets of Chelsea or Essex, as the reality television stars who grace our screens on The Only Way is Essex and Made in Chelsea don't appear
 to own a more roomy suit between them.. Towie star Dan Osborne is clearly proud of his buff body and regularly showcases it in slimline attire and Joey Essex
 is also partial to a tight pair of strides. While David Beckham rarely gets it wrong these days when it comes to fashion, he is definitely also a fan of
 a tight suit, and arguably carries it off to perfection.. What do the fashionistas make of the super-snug suit? Fashion blogger Simon Glazin isn't convinced by the current trend.
 He told FEMAIL: 'Over the last couple of years, terms like 'super skinny' and 'ultra skinny' have been adopted by menswear retailers when it comes to suiting, and to be
 quite honest, they scare me.' 'There's the circulation-restricting connotations the words 'ultra skinny' bring with them but also the simple truth that a too-tight suit can be quite hideous to
 look at.' Men are in danger of going for a debonair look but can end up revealing way too much, he adds.. 'You don't want to show the world
 everything you've got!. 'Some things should remain, erm, under wraps. You find bigger men stuffing themselves into these skinny suits, and the results are disastrous. 'As male models get
 thinner, so do suit cuts, but this is NOT representative of this country. Us men with 'real' bodies need suits that don't feel restricting. And don't restrict blood flow.' Who
 should you go for if you want comfort and style? 'Designer labels such as Versace and Salvatore Ferragamo offer suits that have a bit of breathing room.' Let's hope Pep,
 Dermot and Olly are reading. . 


SUMMARY
Pep Guardiola split his pants during Bayern Munich 's 6-- 1 win over Porto. The Spanish tactician wore a tight-- fitting grey suit [91mby[0m [91mTom[0m [91mFord[0m. He joked : ' I 'll have to buy new ones for the next match ' Other stars guilty of going a little too tight include Russell Brand, Olly Murs and Dermot O'Leary. 