DOCUMENT:
Caykur Rizespor midfielder Ludovic Obraniak was taken to hospital with a suspected heart problem after being substituted during his side's match against Fenerbahce on Saturday. The Poland international had to
 be replaced after just 30 minutes before being taken for tests. Caykur Rizespor revealed on social media that Obraniak was not in any immediate danger following preliminary tests. Ludovic Obraniak
 (left) is currently on loan at Caykur Rizespor from German side Werder Bremen. Moussa Sow celebrates after scoring for Fenerbahce during their 5-1 win on Saturday. There were fears that
 the 30-year-old, who is on loan from Bundesliga club Werder Bremen had suffered a heart attack but he appears to have given the all-clear. Fenerbahce went on to win the
 game 5-1 tomove to the top of the Turkish Super Lig.. . 


SUMMARY
Caykur Rizespor midfielder Ludovic Obraniak was substituted after 30 minutes against Fenerbahce on Saturday.
The 30-- year-- old was taken to hospital for tests but has been given the all-- clear. 
[91mCaykur[0m are currently top of the Turkish Super Lig after a 5-- 1 win. 


DOCUMENT:
Tim Sherwood's jacket did not survive beyond the first 10 minutes and after this astonishing contest it remains to be seen if either of these sides fare much better. When
 Aston Villa's animated manager threw his gilet to the ground in celebration at the sight of Christian Benteke's first half equaliser, he probably rather hoped his players were man enough
 to remain in the Barclays Premier League after all. Indeed when he then saw Benteke convert the second of his three goals after 33 minutes, he may have felt his
 damning critique on Monday had provoked exactly the response he was looking for. But the grit, desire and determination his forwards had demonstrated was lacking at the opposite end of
 the field and a QPR side every bit as desperate to maintain their top flight status did a fine job of exposing exactly the weaknesses Sherwood had highlighted. Matt Phillips
 (left) headed Queens Park Rangers into a seventh-minute lead, getting on the end of Bobby Zamora's cross. Winger Phillips garnered just enough power on his head to plant beyond Brad
 Guzan in the Aston Villa goal. Joey Barton wheels away after watching Phillips nod in at the back post, as Ciaran Clark (left) and Carlos Sanchez appeal for offside
. But QPR were only ahead for three minutes after Christian Benteke equalised for the hosts at Villa Park. Benteke drove beyond Rob Green from the edge of the
 box to net his seventh Premier League goal of the season. If it made for a hugely entertaining encounter, it must have been hell for the managers however friendly they
 might claim to be. Sherwood walked off the pitch at half-time with his hands planted casually in his pockets, comforted by the fact that his side were sitting five points
 clear of relegation danger. But when Charlie Austin followed Chint Hill's second half equaliser with a third goal for the visitors, Villa had replaced Chris Ramsey's spirited side in the
 bottom three. Only 12 minutes remained, and even if Benteke required just five more minutes to score again with a terrific free-kick the overriding feeling in the Villa ranks was
 certainly more one of frustration than relief. Benteke did not look like a man who wanted to enjoy his hat-trick at the sound of the final whistle. On the contrary,
 he looked devastated. Both sides have some difficult games ahead but when Tottenham and Manchester City come next for Villa, there is plenty to concern Sherwood. A replay of QPR's
 goals will not make pleasant viewing. The failure to close down Bobby Zamora before he delivered the cross that enabled Matt Phillips to strike after only seven minutes. The failure
 to challenge Hill and so stop him scoring his first Premier League goal. The failure too to respond to the threat being posed by Austin, who was allowed to take
 a touch to control the cross from Phillips before driving the ball past Brad Guzan. Such frailties could yet drag Villa down this season, and Sherwood knows it. 'We are
 not equipped unfortunately to go anywhere and dig out a result,' he complained afterwards, and on this evidence he would appear to be right.. . Aston Villa (4-4-2):
 Guzan 6; Bacuna 6, Vlaar 5.5, Clark 6, Richardson 6; Cleverley 6.5, Sanchez 6.5, Delph 7, Grealish 6.5; Agbonlahor 7.5, Benteke 8. Manager: Tim Sherwood 7. Goals: Benteke 10, 33,
 83. QPR (4-4-2): Green 6.5; Isla 6 (Traore 52, 5), Caulker 5.5, Onuoha 5, Hill 6.5; Phillips 7, Barton 6, Sandro 6, Kranjcar 5 (Henry 52, 5); Austin 5,
 Zamora 6.5. Manager: Chris Ramsey 7. Subs not used: McCarthy, Hoilett, Mitchell, Grego-Cox. Goals: Phillips 7; Hill 55; Austin 78. Booked: Sandro, Kranjcar, Austin. Ref: C. Pawson.
 Att: 33,708. . CLICK HERE to view our brilliant Match Zone-- including Christian Benteke's second goal. Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood threw down his gilet in celebration after
 Benteke scored the early equaliser. Benteke was at the double in the opening 45, sweeping beyond Green to put Villa ahead just after the half hour. Defender Clint Hill was
 the unexpected scorer of QPR's equaliser just after half-time to make it 2-2. Hill grabs the Queens Park Rangers badge in celebration after scoring his first ever Premier League goal.
 Charlie Austin got ahead of Ron Vlaar and had looked as if he'd won the game for QPR. At times his side were excellent here, thrilling their supporters with a
 tremendous first half display. Phillips might have landed the first blow for QPR but the players he was probably referring to as 'the icing on the cake' were giving him
 plenty of cause for celebration. They were attacking with great flair and finesse, with the pace of individuals like Gabriel Agbonlahor and Leandro Bacuna and the sheer power of Benteke.
 The call for more men made Sherwood's selection of 19-year-old Jack Grealish somewhat curious. But the teenager too was performing well. More than man enough for the occasion. As a
 game it was something of an emotional rollercoaster, even if the warmth of the embrace between Sherwood and Ramsey before kick-off was soon replaced by the cold reality of a
 dire situation for both teams. Never one to hide his feelings, Sherwood responded to QPR's opening seventh minute goal by unzipping the aforementioned gilet in disgust. It was understandable really,
 given how meekly his defenders tried to stop Zamora from delivering the cross Phillips then headed home from close range. Only three minutes later and the same gilet was off
 altogether, Sherwood throwing it to the ground after seeing Benteke's shot take a nasty deflection off Mauricio Isla's trailing foot and loop over Rob Green.. The drama in the
 technical area added to the sense of excitement around Villa Park. The atmosphere was electric, the place almost erupting again when Grealish so nearly marked his first Premier League start
 with a goal. Benteke delivered a perfect ball into the path of the teenage winger only for Green to make the save at his feet. Sherwood's decision to play a
 midfield diamond and exploit the pace of his attackers was working well for Villa. Not everyone seemed to agree, and at one stage Sherwood seemed to be placating a fan
 who didn't seem quite so impressed. But his team were playing with real verve, with Benteke scoring a second after 33 minutes with a goal that owed as much to
 the speed, vision and courage of Agbonlahor as the precision of the finish. Agbonlahor was just quick enough to send Benteke clear before being hacked down by Sandro, and remained
 curled up in a ball while his colleague raced towards goal. Benteke finished cleverly, shaping to shoot beyond Hill before dragging his effort back inside the QPR defender and beyond
 the reach of a wrong-footed Green.. Austin salutes the travelling Rangers supporters inside Villa Park but they weren't able to cling on to the points. But Benteke's wonder
 free-kick, much like Jason Puncheon's on Monday night, meant Villa came away with a point. Benteke can't conceal his delight at completing his hat-trick and rescuing a point in the
 83rd minute. Good friends Chris Ramsey (left) and Sherwood know each other well and were going head-to-head in the dugout for the first time. Former Villa striker Stan Collymore couldn't
 hit his elation in the press box after Benteke knocked in his second of the goal. Sherwood urges the supporters packed inside Villa Park to up the ante as they
 looked to move clear of trouble. Charlie Austin vies for possession with Kieran Richardson during an intense and entertaining first half. Niko Kranjcar attempts to get QPR back in
 the game but couldn't steer his effort beyond the American Guzan. Villa Park looked a picture on Tuesday night as the two relegation battlers went head-to-head in Birmingham. Sherwood
 said Ramsey was one of the finest coaches he had worked with and he certainly impressed here. He had seen how his forwards had been starved of service in the
 first half and responded after six minutes of the second by making two substitutions. It had the desired effect, Hill equalising four minutes later; punishment for what appeared to be
 Bacuna's failure to stay with his man. Austin's goal – his 17th in the Premier League this season-- would be a further source of concern, even if Benteke did
 then level for a second time with a wonderful free-kick that beat Green via the inside of a post. Are they man enough? Only time will tell. 


SUMMARY
Matt Phillips headed Queens Park Rangers into a seventh-- minute lead. Christian Benteke equalised for the hosts just three minutes later. [91mClint[0m [91mGreen[0m [91mput[0m [91mQPR[0m [91mahead[0m [91mjust[0m [91mafter[0m [91mthe[0m [91mhalf[0m [91mhour[0m [91mmark[0m [91m.[0m [91mCharlie[0m [91mAustin[0m made it 2-- 2 just after half-- time with his first ever Premier League goal. [91mChint[0m [91mHill[0m made it 3-- 2 for QPR with his [91msecond[0m goal of the season. [91mBentece[0m completed his hat-- trick with a free-- kick in the 83rd minute. 


DOCUMENT:
Derby County season ticket holders from the 2010-11 campaign might struggle to believe it but Alberto Bueno prepares to face his former club Real Madrid on Wednesday as the highest-scoring
 Spanish-national in La Liga with a big money move to Porto waiting for him at the end of the season. Bueno played for Derby on loan five years ago, but
 with just five goals in 29 games he looked anything like Champions League material. After returning to Valladolid he moved to Rayo Vallecano and at the club with one of
 the lowest budgets in Spanish football he has had the season of his life. Now Champions League quarter-finalists Porto, coached by Spaniard Julen Lopetegui, are ready to poach him. Alberto
 Bueno (left) in action for Derby against Norwich during his unsuccessful spell with the club. Bueno celebrates scoring for Real Madrid against Real Union in November 2008. Bueno has scored
 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season and could soon move to Porto. AGE: 27. CLUBS (League record only) Real Madrid (2006-09): 97 apps, 22 goals. Real Madrid (2008-09): 3
 apps, 0 goals. Valladolid (2009-13): 85 apps, 13 goals. Derby (loan, 2010-11): 29 apps, 5 goals. Rayo Vallecano (2013-) 65 apps, 26 goals. Seventeen of the 35 goals that
 Rayo have scored this season have come from Bueno. He hit four in one game earlier this year against Levante and will be gunning for his old club on Wednesday
 night. Bueno came through at Real Madrid in the 2006-07 season when then manager Fabio Capello fast-tracked him from the C-team to train with David Beckham, Luis Figo and Raul.
 He eventually made his full debut in both La Liga and the Champions League two seasons later but like so many strikers from Real Madrid’s youth system before him he
 was going to have to leave to really launch his career. Following in the footsteps of Alvaro Negredo and Roberto Soldado he left the club in 2009 signing for Valladolid
 from where he spent a season at Derby before ending up back in Spain. Negredo and Soldado both made it into the Spain squad after they succeeded away from Madrid
 and national team boss Vicente Del Bosque will be watching on Wednesday when Bueno goes up against Sergio Ramos as Rayo Vallecano look to take the scalp of Real Madrid
 in their rickety atmosphere-charged three-sided Vallecas stadium. . 


SUMMARY
Alberto Bueno has scored 17 goals for Rayo Vallecano this season. The 27-- year-- old is the highest-- scoring Spanish-- national in La Liga. Bueno played for Derby on loan in 2010-- 11 but scored just five goals. He has been linked with a move to Porto in the [91mChampions[0m [91mLeague[0m.


DOCUMENT:
They are the chocolate treats we most look forward to at Easter, and in Britain alone more than 90 million of them are consumed every year. But this year traditional
 Easter eggs have undergone a dramatic makeover, appearing on supermarket shelves and restaurant menus made of meat, Marmite-- and a giant block of cheese. Grab your egg-cups as we
 take a look at the most bonkers eggs in Britain... Fortnum & Mason's Chotch Egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate Scotch egg. Would you eat this? The Marmite chocolate
 egg has a strong, rather beefy aftertaste. From yeast-flavoured chocolate (we're looking at you, Marmite) to an egg made from 300g of Cheddar, here is FEMAIL's selection of the
 most unusual eggs you can try this Easter. Love me, Hate me, Break Me--  the Marmite Easter Egg, £5. A Marmite chocolate egg made with the love-it-or-hate it
 spread accompanied with Marmite Cashew nuts makes for a fun Yeaster treat. This beefy-tasting egg divided the FEMAIL team with some enjoying the depth of flavour from the savour extract
 that flavours the chocolate while others couldn't stomach the strange tangy-sweet combination.. Chocolate Egg and Soldiers, £7.99. Choc n Choc's ingenious interpretation on the Easter egg will get
 the troops in position on Sunday morning. Each set includes a white chocolate fried egg with four soldiers ready for dipping. We're queuing up for ours. Egg on toast by
 Choc on Choc’s combination of white and milk chocolate with realistic toasted effects on the bread and egg that appears cooked to perfection with a vibrant yellow yolk. A pancake
 stack stuffed with creme eggs from Polo Bar (left) and Wyke Farms Cheaster cheddar egg (right). Fortnum & Mason's  'Chotch Egg, £3.99. The department store has created the
 ultimate Easter hybrid in the form of the ‘Chotch Egg'.. Think half Scotch Egg, half Easter Egg, the 'Chotch Egg is the world’s first gourmet chocolate scotch egg and
 combines two of Fortnum & Mason’s best loved products. Crafted by Fortnum & Mason Executive Chef, Sydney Aldridge, the gastronomic delight features a free-range egg with a vibrant orange yolk,
 wrapped in  British outdoor-reared venison and 55 per cent Valrhona dark chocolate, infused with juniper berries.. It is finished with a crisp layer of homemade breadcrumbs. The 'Chotch
 egg is a  free-range egg with a vibrant orange yolk, wrapped in British outdoor-reared venison and 55 per cent Valrhona dark chocolate. Hotel Chocolat's witty take on the egg
 sandwich comes complete in a sarnie box. Paul A Young's Sea Salted Caramel filled egg, £19.95. The priciest egg here, this Easter favourite is the chocolatier's signature. The Sea
 Salted Caramel filled egg is decorated in gold and served up with an egg cup and spoon. Hotel Chocolate Egg Sandwich, £10. Everyone loves an egg sandwich. But dare we
 say it, we think Hotel Chocolat has improved on the original recipe with their playful take on the sarnie.. Sandwiched between two slices of 50 per cent milk and
 feuilletine chocolate are two beautiful milk chocolate eggshells, which come presented in a classic sandwich takeaway box?. A delicious twist on the classic Easter egg and a fun gift.
 Fun and yummy-looking, this features two caramel half-eggs sandwiched with caramel chocolate. There are also white and and dark options. Godiva's Alter Eggo, £5. Godiva chocolatiers will create your
 Alter-Eggo by dipping their Easter eggs in tempered chocolate and making hair from crushed Speculoos biscuit, or milk chocolate flakes, then delicately adding your own choice of eyes. For £5
 you can customise your two eggs with hair, eyes and a smile at all Godiva stores.. Godiva's Alter Eggo's which can be made at their stores (left). The £19.95
 sea salt caramel filled egg from Paul Young (right) comes with an egg cup and spoon. He's a good egg! Fried egg and soldiers from Choc on Choc. Wyke
 Farms Cheese egg, POA. The Giant Cheaster Egg is two feet tall and made with 85g x 300g blocks of award winning Wyke Farms cheddar. And best of all, Wyke
 Farms is giving away one  24-inch egg  to a cheddar-loving family. Entry details are on their website, www.wykefarms.com.. Egg on Toast, £12. Choc on Choc’s clever combination
 of white and milk chocolate with realistic toasted effects on the bread and egg that appears cooked to perfection with a vibrant yellow yolk. This delicious treat can be enjoyed
 anytime of the day and wouldn't appear out of place on the breakfast table.. Easter Egg pancake stacks, £7.95. It's not just the chocolatiers who've jumped on board the
 weird egg bandwagon. Purveyors of London’s premier pancake stacks. Polo 24 Hour Bar are cracking a few eggs this Easter with the ultimate Easter Egg Pancake Stack. Designed for those
 blessed with a sweet tooth this pancake is loaded with classic creme and mini eggs piled with cream and topped with caramel sauce. This sweet eggy treat will be available
 throughout April. 


SUMMARY
Fortnum & Mason 's Chotch Egg is the world ’s first gourmet chocolate Scotch egg. The Wyke Farms Cheaster Egg is two feet tall and made with [91m300[0m [91mg[0m of award winning cheddar. Godiva 's Alter Eggo can be made at stores or customised with hair, eyes and a smile. 

DOCUMENT:
The lovers who got the most complaints in New York City for loud sex are a handyman and the girlfriend he pops round for quickies with in the building where
 he works. The 25-year-old boytoy is the lover, of a Dominican woman in her late 30s, who invites him round for romps around her entire apartment in Brooklyn. The apartment
 block was named in a league table of complaints made to New York authorities about loud sex. Most complained: The building maintenance worker (left) and his girlfriend (right), who is
 now four months pregnant, were complained about six times for excessive noise at the Bay Ridge block, official records show. Say it loud: This is the apartment block with six
 calls made to 311-- New York city's non-emergency number-- because of complaints of loud sex. Blue: The woman who was complained about was spoken to by police today.
 She later left, saying: 'I'm doing what I'm doing in my own apartment. I'm not hurting anyone.' The woman whose moans during sex sparked the highest number of complaints in
 New York said today: 'I'm not hurting anyone'. The woman, who declined to give her name, walked out of the apartment block wearing striped maxi dres, a white jacket and
 sunglasses. She looked upset and said she was hurt by all the attention-- and revealed she was pregnant. She said: 'I'm four months pregnant. 'I'm doing what I'm doing
 in my own apartment. I'm not hurting anyone. My neighbors calling the city are going about it the wrong way'.. The league table, compiled by DNAInfo, showed that there
 were six complaints at the Bay Ridge block, which has 59 separate apartments. The outcome of the complaints was not recorded.. Speaking to Daily Mail Online the boyfriend said
 that he didn't see what the problem was-- and wouldn't mind if other people were as noisy as him. He outed himself after Daily Mail Online asked him and
 the building manager who had been making the complaints. The boyfriend said: 'I don't believe it because I'm the one who stays there. I pop in there a lot. 'I
 don't think it's true. I don't understand why-- other people make louder noises. Other people do the same. 'Everyone has their own way. People above and below us are
 noisy too. I sometimes stamp my feet to get them to quieter down. 'I wouldn't mind if the people next door were doing the same!' When Daily Mail Online knocked
 on the apartment door a dog barked loudly and after a pause a woman said: 'Hello?' Asked for comment she said: 'I'm unavailable at the moment'. Neighbour Siddharth Shah, 29,
 a Long Island University student, said that sometimes the lovers fight and make a racket-- but mostly they make love. He said: 'It happens three or four times a
 week though I'm at school in the day so it could be more. 'They usually go at it for 10 to 15 minutes and I hear them all over the
 apartment. 'Sometimes it's the bedroom and sometimes it's in the lobby by the front door.' Another neighbor said: 'It's really loud. 'I have to put on music because you can
 hear everything.' The building owner Madelene Behefte, 73, said she had no idea about the complaints. She said: 'People should call the landlord before calling the city to complain'. On
 the job: The building handyman complained about over noisy sex was at work today-- at the apartment block where his girlfriend lives.. House of noise: The apartment building
 is in Bay Ridge, close to New York harbor in Brooklyn. No idea: The building's owner Madelene Behefte told Daily Mail Online she had no idea about the complaints. No
 respite: The front door of the apartment at the center of six complaints for noisy sex. It failed to stop neighbors from overhearing the couple's antics. . DNAInfo reported
 that New York's 311 helpline, for non-emergency complaints to city authorities, recorded a total of 133 complaints about loud sex between January 1 2014 and February 12 2015. Brooklyn, the
 borough now associated with trendy hipsters and home to would-be president Hillary Clinton's campaign, had the highest number of complaints, at 42. Brooklyn is the most populous of the city's
 five boroughs. Queens was next with 37, the Bronx and 31 and Manhattan had 23. Staten Island recorded none. The website reported that on November 14 last year, a 311
 operator logged: 'Neighbors are having very loud sex with the windows open that can be heard throughout the whole bldg.' The complainant told the website the woman was 'moaning and
 screaming "Oh yeah, oh, do it to me".' It was followed by another woman shouting at the couple: 'Shut your f***ing windows you wh**e.' Complaints to 311 are passed to
 police to investigate if they are available, but officers found no noise disturbance when they attended the Bay Ridge block. . . 


SUMMARY
Handyman, 25, and girlfriend, in her 30s, [91mcomplained[0m about six times. Brooklyn block named in league table of complaints about loud sex. Woman, who is now four months pregnant, said : ' I 'm doing what I 'm doing in my own apartment. I 'm not hurting anyone ' New York 's 311 helpline recorded 133 complaints between January 2014 and February 2015. 
